PRIVACY POLICY

 

Welcome to Giptv!

Giptv values your privacy and the protection of your personal data. This privacy policy describes what information we collect from you, how we collect it, how we use it, how we obtain your consent, how long we keep it in our databases and, if necessary, with whom we share it.

By using the platform, you are accepting the practices described in this privacy policy. Your use of the platform is also subject to our terms and conditions. In this privacy policy, the words "platform" refer to the Giptv application and website as a whole, "we", "us", "our" and "Giptv" refer to Giptv and "you" and "user" refer to you, the user of Giptv.

This privacy policy may change from time to time. Your continued use of the platform after we make changes to this privacy policy is deemed acceptance of those changes, so please check this policy periodically for updates. This privacy policy has been developed and is maintained in accordance with all applicable federal and international laws and regulations and, specifically, with the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR - European Regulations).

 

1. GENERAL INFORMATION

The personal data of users that are collected and processed through:

         Giptv App (Available on Google Play, Amazon Appstore).

         https://G-ip.tv

Will be under the responsibility and in charge of:

         Giptv.

         (Insert contact information, email, phone, etc.)

(Hereinafter referred to as "Giptv").

 

2. TYPES OF INFORMATION COLLECTED

The information we collect from our users helps us to effectively deliver our platform and to personalise and continually improve the user experience on the platform. These are the types of information we collect:

Information you provide to us. You provide information when you download and install the platform, register as a user, activate the application, purchase a subscription and/or communicate with us through our contact information or contact forms. As a result of those actions, you may provide us with the following information:

         Name

         E-mail address

         Any additional information related to you that you provide to us directly or indirectly through our platform.

Giptv will not collect any personally identifiable information about you unless you provide it.

Information Collected Automatically: By accessing and using the platform, you automatically provide us with the following information:

         Your IP address

         Mac Address

         Your operating system

         Referrer URLs

Payment Information: Your payment data will be processed by the payment processors available on this platform (Google Pay, Apple Pay, PayPal, Stripe), which will process and store your data securely and for the sole purpose of processing the purchase of products. Giptv reserves the right to contract any payment platform available on the market, which processes your data for the sole purpose of processing transactions within the platform.

See the Google, Stripe, PayPal and Apple Pay privacy policy here:

         https://www.paypal.com/us/webapps/mpp/ua/privacy-full

         https://stripe.com/gb/privacy

         https://policies.google.com/privacy

         https://support.apple.com/en-us/HT203027

 

3. HOW LONG WE KEEP YOUR DATA

Personal data provided by users through the platform will be retained for the time necessary to provide the functionalities available on the platform or until the user maintains the account on the platform or decides to close or uninstall the platform or until Giptv closes and deletes the user's account. Giptv may retain personal data for a longer period provided that the user has consented to such processing, as long as such consent is not withdrawn. In addition, Giptv may be obliged to retain personal data for a longer period provided that this is required for compliance with a legal obligation or by order of an authority. Once the retention period has expired, the personal data will be deleted. Therefore, the right of access, the right of deletion, the right of rectification and the right to data portability cannot be asserted after the retention period has expired.

 

4. HOW WE USE YOUR INFORMATION.

In general, we use the information we collect primarily to provide, maintain, protect and improve our platform and our current services. We use personal information collected through our platform as described below:

         Provide the App (Google Play,Amazon Appstore)

         User registration.

         Provide the subscriptions.

         Process payments.

         Provide platform functionalities.

         Allow users to upload their lists to the platform.

         Understand and improve your experience using our platform.

         Respond to your comments or questions through our support team.

         Send you related information, including confirmations, invoices, technical notices, updates, security alerts, and support and administrative messages.

         Communicate with you about upcoming events, offers and news about content, products and services offered by Giptv and our partners.

         Giptv marketing purposes.

         Link or combine your information with other data we obtain from third parties to help us understand your needs and provide you with better service.

         Protect, investigate and deter fraudulent, unauthorised or illegal activities.

 

5. HOW DO YOU OBTAIN MY CONSENT?

By downloading and installing the application, registering as a user, purchasing a subscription, using the features available on the platform, contacting us through the contact forms or our contact information, and providing us with personal information to communicate with you, you consent to our collection, storage and use of your information on the terms contained in this privacy policy. You may withdraw your consent at any time by sending us your request through the contact information or contact page.

 

6. HOW WE SHARE INFORMATION

Information about our customers is an important part of our business, and we are not in the business of selling it to others. We share customer information only as described below.

Third-Party Service Providers. We use third party services to perform certain functions on our platform. Some of these functions and services are: Building and hosting the platform, processing payments (Google Pay, Apple Pay, PayPal, Stripe), analysing data (Google Analytics), creating ads (Facebook, Google), performing tracking and analytics functions on the platform, sending emails, marketing services and search results.

These third-party services and tools may have access to personal information needed to perform their functions, but may not use that information for other purposes. Information shared with these third-party services will be treated and stored in accordance with their respective privacy policies and our privacy policy.

Email marketing: We use the information provided by users to conduct marketing campaigns and send relevant information to our users. By registering as a user on the platform, you authorise us to use your information for email marketing. We will use third party services to perform email marketing, so we may share certain information with some of these third parties for the sole and exclusive purpose of sending emails through email marketing and in accordance with our privacy policy.

Business Transfers. In the event Giptv creates, merges with, or is acquired by another entity, your information will likely be transferred. Giptv will send you an email or post a prominent notice on our platform before your information becomes subject to another privacy policy.

Protection of Giptv and Others. We release personal information when we believe release is appropriate to comply with the law, enforce or apply our terms and conditions and other agreements, or protect the rights, property, or safety of Giptv, our users, or others. This includes exchanging information with other companies and organisations for fraud protection and credit risk reduction.

Anonymous Information. Giptv uses anonymous browsing information collected automatically by our servers primarily to help us administer and improve the platform. We may also use aggregated anonymous information to provide information about the Platform to potential business partners and other unaffiliated entities. This information is not personally identifiable.

Email Address. The email address you provide to receive email communications from us will never be rented or sold to third parties.

 

7. PROTECTION OF YOUR INFORMATION

We work to protect the security of your information during transmission by using Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) software, which encrypts information you provide through the website and platform. If transactions are processed on the website, transaction information is transmitted to and from the platform in encrypted form using industry-standard SSL connections to help protect such information from interception. We restrict authorised access to your personal information to those persons who have a legitimate need to know that information and to those persons you have authorised to have access to that information. Giptv follows generally accepted industry standards to protect the personal information submitted to us, both during transmission and once Giptv receives it. No method of transmission over the Internet, or method of electronic storage, is 100% secure. Therefore, while Giptv strives to use commercially acceptable means to protect your personal information, we cannot guarantee its absolute security. We will not sell, distribute or lease your personal information to third parties unless we have your permission or are required by law to do so.

 

8. RIGHTS

Users who provide information through our platform, as data subjects, have the right to access, rectify, download or delete their information, as well as to restrict and oppose certain processing of their information. While some of these rights apply generally, others only apply in certain limited circumstances. These rights are described below:

         Access and portability: to access and know what information is stored on our servers, you can send us your request through our contact information.

         Rectification, restriction, limitation and deletion: You may also rectify, restrict, limit or delete much of your information.

         Right to be informed: Users of our platform will be informed, upon request, about what data we collect, how it is used, how long it is kept and whether it is shared with third parties.

         Object: Where we process your data based on our legitimate interests, as explained above, or in the public interest, you may object to this processing in certain circumstances. In such cases, we will stop processing your information unless we have legitimate grounds to continue processing it or where necessary for legal reasons.

         Withdraw consent: Where you have previously given your consent, for example to allow us to process and store your personal information, you have the right to withdraw your consent to the processing and storage of your information at any time. For example, you can withdraw your consent by updating your settings. In certain cases, we may continue to process your information after you have withdrawn your consent if we have a lawful basis for doing so or if your withdrawal of consent was limited to certain processing activities.

         Complaint: If you wish to lodge a complaint about our use of your information (and without prejudice to any other rights you may have), you have the right to do so with your local supervisory authority. Users may exercise all of these rights by contacting us via the contact information or contact page.

         Rights related to automated decision-making, including profiling: Users may request that we provide them with a copy of the automated processing activities we conduct if they believe that data is being unlawfully processed.

Users or owners of the personal data they provide through the platform can exercise these rights over their personal data at any time and without any limitation by sending us their request through our contact information.

 

9. PROTECTION OF CHILDREN'S ONLINE PRIVACY

We comply with the requirements of the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR - European Regulations), regarding the protection of children's personal information. We do not collect information from children under the age of 13. If we learn that a child under 13 has provided us with personal information, we will take immediate steps to delete that information.

 

10. THIRD PARTIES

Except as expressly included in this privacy policy, this document addresses only the use and disclosure of information Giptv collects from you. If you disclose your information to others, whether other users or Giptv vendors, different rules may apply to their use or disclosure of the information you disclose to them. Giptv does not control the privacy policies of third parties, and you are subject to the privacy policies of those third parties where applicable. Giptv is not responsible for the privacy or security practices of other Internet platforms, including those linked to or from the Giptv platform. Giptv encourages you to ask questions before disclosing your personal information to others.

 

11. CONTACT

If you have questions or concerns about this privacy policy and the treatment and security of your data, please contact us using the contact information below:

Giptv.

info@G-ip.tv